Calamitous Wall!
Well, this is it.
Dai's got all of his attention
focused on the fight...
And... now he's
got two Dragon Crests.
But is it really
too much to ask
that little guy to
watch where he's aiming?
Vearn: In all my years,
no adversary has ever thought
to overcome my Calamitous Wall
by mimicking its energy.
Not bad, Dai. Not bad at all.
Oh, I didn't think of it.
It's like my body already knew
what to do before I could react.
To tell you the truth,
I had no clue that
my Draconic Aura
could even do
something like that.
Dai [thought]: But now that
I'm thinking about it...
the same thing happened
when I used my Doruora.
It was instinct.
Once I stopped
overthinking the fight,
it just sort of came to me.
Oh, right!
L-Leona!
You okay?
W-Why wouldn't I be?
I told you I can
take care of myself.
You stay focused
on King Vearn.
But you're out of
breath... What happened?
Did you hear a
word I just said?!
Worrying about me
isn't staying focused!
All right, yeesh.
Leona [thought]: He can
do this... I know it.
I was planning on
using my healing magic
to keep him in the fight...
Only, with this new power,
he may not need any help at all.
I can't be sure about it,
but it looks like
you might be right about where
these new skills came from...
Vearn.
Dai: Something unimaginable
has awakened inside of me...
and I can feel it growing
stronger with every minute.
It's like back when I first
ignited the power of my Crest...
except more intense.
I already figured out that
I can match you in battle...
but with this, I think
I might actually
have a shot at beating you.
[chuckling]
[cackling]
Vearn: Oh child. You're
hardly a match for me yet.
You still don't understand.
With this strength,
you've become useful.
You're either
selfless or naive.
To inherit such an
incredible power...
and not realize exactly what
it makes you capable of.
It's almost sickening...
So let me be blunt.
You now possess the power to
decide the fate of the world.
Just like your
father before you...
although it seems
he was more ambitious.
I was always wary of what
his next move might be.
As far as I'm concerned,
an opponent with tactics
as unpredictable as his...
is someone I would rather
not have working against me.
Vearn: And considering
the abilities
you've demonstrated so far,
I'd hate to see such
potential go to waste.
W-What do you mean...
"go to waste"?
What I mean is...
that you have
become even mightier
than Baran's Dragonoid form.
With the combined force
of your Twin Crests,
guided by the awakened
Combat Instincts
of every Dragon Knight
who's come before you...
There's no
question that you are
the most powerful being
I've ever encountered.
As a matter of fact, one could
say you're the first challenger
who's ever come
close to my level.
So just to be certain,
I'll ask you plainly...
Will you join me
and serve my kingdom?
Dai: Why... Why
would I serve you?!
It's not so outlandish.
Don't forget, your
father's answer was, "Yes."
Baran was a Dragon
Knight of pure lineage,
and because of that,
he understood just
how selfish and foolhardy
the human world tends to be.
Humans are despicable, Dai.
They aren't worthy
of your fearsome power,
and they don't
deserve your loyalty.
You can fight for them.
You may even be
victorious... But what then?
Dai: "What then"?
I'd be willing to bet...
that if you do manage to defeat
me and return to their world,
sooner or later they'll
cast you aside in fear.
I...I'm scared. He's so scary!
It is in their nature.
And you know it.
They will come begging
when danger rears its head.
But once peace is restored,
they'll begin to see you as the
source of all their problems.
And when they learn you
aren't one of them,
they'll strip you of
your Hero's title.
They're too feeble-minded to
accept their own differences -
let alone the rule
of a higher being.
That is what humans truly are.
No, you're wrong!
Dai is our family. We would
never do that to him.
Perhaps not you, Princess.
But we both know
that's only because
you harbor a personal
affection for him.
In the end, this case is
no different than Baran's.
The feeling of one individual
cannot change something
as nebulous as the public
opinion of a nation.
As royalty, you should
know that all too well.
Vearn: Nevertheless,
I am different.
I make no discriminations.
I celebrate all who wield
terrifying strength...
Even though Baran and Hadlar
eventually decided to betray me,
I continue to hold them
both in the highest regard.
You have a choice
to make, Dai:
Will you risk
everything you've achieved
for a worthless victory?
Or will you serve the only one
who appreciates your true value?
You may only be a child, but the
answer should still be obvious.
So what do you say?
Dai: My answer is...
No, thanks.
Then you are naive after all.
I suppose you aren't
ready to let go of
the sweet illusion
of being a hero.
Dai: You're wrong!
I know sometimes...
Humans can be pretty cruel
when it comes to things
they don't understand...
I doubt you're wrong
about them accepting me.
But it doesn't matter.
Because I still love
every one of them.
That'll get me through.
I love the Surface World.
All the creatures here
have made me who I am.
Dai, you...
Even if everything you say
ends up coming true...
If the people
of the Surface World
decide they don't
want me around...
Dai: Then I guess...
I guess...
After I defeat you,
I'll leave it all behind.
Vearn: I see.
Well, that's a pity.
The humans will never
know how fortunate they were
to have you as their lord.
But to make the
almighty Dragon Knight
spew such a
pathetic sentiment...
That is an unforgivable sin.
You're about to
learn a costly lesson.
Siding with them will be
the greatest mistake
you've ever made, Dai.
I hope the Mother Dragon has
a new Knight at the ready!
Leona [thought]:
Come on, Dai...
You can do it...
Don't beat him
for anyone else...
Beat him for yourself.
Prove him wrong.
[roaring]
I'm not sure exactly
how you're doing it,
but it seems as though you
know what's going on outside...
And whatever's happening
clearly has you in a rush
to get this fight over with.
Good thing we're almost
finished, Killvearn!
Killvearn: Well, well...
I didn't expect
you to last this long.
Why not?
The moment you decided
to hold this duel,
you put yourself at
a serious disadvantage.
You only have
the one strategy:
Snares and deception.
That's it.
You wait for your targets
to wander into your traps...
and once you've got
them immobilized,
it's easy for you
to finish them off.
For a Reaper,
it's the most efficient
way of getting the job done...
But it seems you've lost
the ability to properly fight-
A fight where your
opponent can strike back.
Your strength,
skill, and agility
are all top rate, however...
your attacks lack the
determination needed...
to win a duel like this.
But I am shaped by combat.
I've had more duels in
my life than hot meals.
So in here, I hold
the advantage.
You allowed your wounded ego
to get the better of you.
If I had it my way,
I might show you mercy...
Only, with a Judge
presiding over this duel,
you've already
sealed your fate.
That's right. You lose
no matter what, Killvearn.
Killvearn: [chuckling]
You are quite an
observant personality.
It's true, winning
would be a challenge
if I didn't have my traps.
I suppose if I
really wanted to,
I could train and become
unbeatable in a fair fight...
As you say, I have
the strength and skill.
[devious giggle]
But I've lost interest in
such superficial victories.
Besides, it's not
all about efficiency.
Killvearn: There's
nothing more satisfying
than watching a target fall
into one of my traps...
Oh, how they squirm!
Like an insect in a spiderweb.
It's glorious.
The harder
someone has fought,
the more delightful
their expression is
when the snare tightens and
they realize it's all over.
Once you've tasted
that kind of victory...
Well, let's just say
the honorable flavors
begin to lose their appeal.
[chuckling]
Killvearn: A swift
and painful demise
always hits the
spot, though...
Especially on those
occasions when my prey
believes they
have me beaten.
Those are the times I
truly feel like a Reaper.
[laughing]
Avan: I've had enough.
In all my battles, I've never
met an enemy as wicked as you.
Prepare yourself!
My sword - it
just shattered?!
No, it definitely felt
like it hit something.
Killvearn: Right you are.
It didn't shatter...
It was cut.
Killvearn: As
you've pointed out,
snares and deception are the
weapons I use to win my battles.
So while we were fighting
I set up a snare in secret.
I thought you were
an observant one,
but it seems
not quite enough...
Otherwise, you
would have noticed
how the lines on my
hat have been fading.
Allow me to show
you why that is.
Avan: Could it be...
I-Invisible blades?!
Killvearn: Bingo.
The lines on my hat conceal
a set of razor-thin daggers
which are nearly impossible
to see once they've been drawn.
I use them to finish off
my more stubborn enemies.
They're hidden all
over this field,
just waiting to be deployed...
And only I know
how to find them.
Killvearn: You're
standing in a cage
made of thirteen
invisible blades.
This is my finest work; the
nastiest trap of them all...
The Phantom Razor!
Prepare yourself, Avan.
You were right - we
are nearly finished.
[pained grunts]
Killvearn: If you keep
being so careless,
you're going to bleed
out before I'm finished.
Why prolong the
inevitable, Avan?
It only takes one stab to that
brave little heart of yours...
Killvearn: And all this
pain will be washed away.
Killvearn: You say I'm
wicked, and yet here I am
offering you an olive branch.
You know what you'll say
when I finish you off?
Killvearn: "Thank you.
Thank you for freeing me
from this miserable hell."
Avan [thought]: No... I'm...
I'm starting to fade...
How terrifying a trap.
I can't attack or defend
if I don't know where
the blades are coming from.
Very well, then.
If I'm not making it out
of this either way...
Killvearn: And now...
[howling]
Avan [thought]: I never
wanted to use this again...
but he can't escape!
I have no choice!
Killvearn:
Megante, I presume?
We can't have that.
Avan: The Judge?!
Killvearn: If you use Megante,
neither of us will win.
Then this Judge
was part of your...
Killvearn: But of course.
Did you really think
I would only devise
one trap for the likes of you?
I've been preparing for this
ever since you
shattered my mask.
I even took the liberty of
altering this Judge's protocols
to have it self-destruct along
with this field if needed.
Avan [thought]: It can
use Megante, as well?
Killvearn: You see?
When it comes to
settling a score,
snares and deception
are the best way to go...
And on that note, farewell.
No... W-Wait...
Avan: Killvearn!
Killvearn: Unhand me.
[pained howl]
Killvearn: Vengeance
is so delicious.
Hang on. This isn't
the White Garden.
How did I end up here?
This... This is
where Baran died.
The shock from
the Judge's explosion
must have knocked
me off-course.
Or perhaps it was turbulence
from the Dark King
doing battle with Dai...
[roaring]
Killvearn: Somehow,
Dai seems to be winning.
Oh, well. Not to worry.
I'm in no rush to come
to King Vearn's rescue.
If the little brat
defeats him after all,
then I suppose that's that.
I may have
obligations to help him,
but it's not as
if I'm duty-bound.
That's what makes Mystvearn
and I so different.
[menacing chuckle]
Hyunckel: It looks like this is
the end for you... Mystvearn.
At long last, the final
battle is underway...
And you're about
to meet your doom.
Mystvearn: Is that so? Who
among you could manage that?
I see no one in your ranks
who will be a challenge.
You showing up here
changes nothing.
Do you think Crocodine
or that measly rat
will stand a
chance against me?
Why I oughta...
Mystvearn: You've
seen for yourselves.
Not even Lon Beruk or Larhart
could damage my ultimate form.
There's no one in this world
who can bring about my doom.
Mystvearn: Perhaps there was a
glimmer of hope for you or Avan.
But the former Hero is
busy fighting Killvearn...
Hyunckel [thought]:
Master is...
Mystvearn: And you,
my former protege,
you have already been
damaged beyond recovery.
Your threats are empty.
None of you can do
anything at all!
[chuckling]
We can't, but we
brought somebody who can.
Mystvearn: What do you mean?
Mystvearn: You... You can -
I don't believe it.
He means me.
Personally, I don't care
what happens to you.
I haven't officially
joined these guys...
Having said that, I did make
a warrior's pact with Hyunckel,
and now I have to
treat all of his enemies
as if they were my own.
Don't take this
personally Mystvearn,
but it's time for you to go.
Popp: Are you serious?!
Larhart: This
specter isn't someone
a puppet made out of metal
can do anything about.
Just stand aside before
he turns you to scrap.
[roaring]
All: Aura?!
Huh.
Hym: You were saying, Larhart?
Can a puppet do that?
Things have changed since
the last time we met.
I've been granted
an all-new power.
Why don't I show you
a few of the things
I've been learning
to do with it.
Mystvearn [thought]: A
metallic life form using Aura?
Impossible!
It's inconceivable!
Here it comes!
Chiu: Hold it!
Everyone knows you can't
engage an enemy in combat
without your
Captain's approval!
Hym: All right, then,
Mister Captain.
I request your approval.
Can I knock the lights out of
this walking lampshade, or what?
Sure. Get him.
Now... Where were we?
It worked...
He's so fast.
[roaring]
Larhart [thought]: That is
some impressive speed.
Along with the
durability of Orichalcum
and the power of Aura...
I have to admit,
I may have been severely
underestimating this one.
[roaring]
Wait, Hyunckel...
That Aura, it's...
You're right.
Hym's new aura...
It's neither Dark
nor Dark Fire Energy.
It's something pure.
I knew it. It's
an Aura of Light!
But Hym was part
of the Dark Army?!
Even while we were
dueling each other,
Hym was already beginning
to emit this Aura of Light.
Extending himself
beyond good and evil,
seeking only to settle
his vendetta with me,
it pushed him
out of the darkness.
It makes sense.
His timing
couldn't be better.
Aura of Light is
the greatest weakness
of a being of
Darkness like Mystvearn.
Hyunckel: Exactly.
No one stands a better chance
of defeating our
adversary than him.
What a hit.
Chiu [thought]:
This one's a huge find!
Good going!
Keep up that intensity.
You've got this, Little Hym!
Come on. "Little Hym"?
You're kidding me, right?
What can I say?
All my Commandos
get a nickname.
It's a dominance thing.
Hym: Why am I not surprised?
Can't you come up with
a better one that that?
Let's see. Little Hym...
Hymmy... Hymster...
Any preference?
Not really.
I guess I'll stick with
"Little Hym" then.
That was my first
choice, too.
With the way Chiu's
treating this guy,
you'd never know that he's maybe
the strongest person here.
Larhart [thought]:
This rat sure is a mystery.
[roaring]
Is this all you've got?
Mystvearn [thought]: Curses!
This chattering pawn
is testing my patience.
Chiu: That's right!
Now finish him, Little Hym!
Or, hey! How about "Pawny"?
You know,
since you're a pawn?
It doesn't matter!
You can call me
whatever you want!
I'm a little busy here.
Hym, watch yourself!
Mystvearn: I'll tear
all of you to shreds.
Dark Puppetry
Aura Decimation Field!
[pained yells]
Your little tricks
won't work on me.
No way. All Hym had to
do was stomp one foot...
And Mystvearn's
Field was shattered!
Enough of these games.
Come at me like a
man... you coward.
Unbelievable.
Hym is actually amazing!
To be honest, I'm a
little shocked myself.
I never imagined
Hadlar's crony
could possess such
extraordinary power.
[roaring]
Dai [thought]:
I can do this...
I can defeat him.
I know I can!
Narrator: Surrounded
in Aura of Light,
Hym has freed the
Disciples of Avan
from the clutches of
the Decimation Field,
and now he closes in on
defeating Mystvearn.
Meanwhile, Dai holds his
advantage against the Dark King,
but in the face of Vearn's
unwavering confidence,
doubt seizes him once again.
As an uneasy air swirls
across the battlefield,
will Dai and his friends hold
fast and claim the victory?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Deciding Attack".